Fix when more than 64 channels are used for multi-collective group calls (#1688)
ROCm/rccl: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased - RCCL 2.24.3 for ROCm 6.5.0

> ### Fixed
> * Resolved issue when using more than 64 channels when multiple collectives are used in the same `ncclGroup()` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resolved issues
* Resolved an issue when using more than 64 channels when multiple collectives are used in the same `ncclGroup()` call.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Only necessary if the issue pre-exists the current release. Does it?

Author: Yes.   This likely has been an issue since 2.22
